Frame Dump File Structure:
    Note 1: Data can optionally be embedded into a png, if so, it should be done in a chunk with the name: "ndSf". (capitalization matters.)
    Note 2: All data fields should be formatted in little endian.
            arrays (tables?) should be formatted as data 0 > 1 > 2 > 3. (though individual entries in the array should still be little endian.)


Header:
    Note: Header should remain uncompressed.

5 bytes - magic number ---- should always be "NTRFD". (maybe we'll add TWLFD in the future if any key dsi specific quirks are discovered?)
2 bytes - version --------- check main.h for CUR_FD_REV define.
1 byte - compressiontype -- currently unused, should always be set to 0. (uncompressed)


Global Variables:
    Should be saved when registers are latched. (ie. right before rendering.)

2 bytes - disp3dcnt
16 bytes - edge colors
1 byte - alpha test ref
4 bytes - clear color
4 bytes - clear depth/offset (stored in one variable)
4 bytes - fog color
2 bytes - fog offset
32 bytes - fog table
64 bytes - toon table


Initial State Variables:
    Should be saved before the first command in a frame is sent.
    (Should we only define the used bits of the command, or the full 32 bits?)

2 bytes - zero dot display
4 bytes - polygon attributes
4 bytes - polygon attributes unset
4 bytes - vertex color
4 bytes - viewport
64 bytes - projection stack
2048 bytes - position stack
2048 bytes - vector stack
64 bytes - texture stack
64 bytes - projection mtx
64 bytes - position mtx
64 bytes - vector mtx
64 bytes - texture mtx
4 bytes - matrix mode
4 bytes - polygon
4 bytes - vertex xy
2 bytes - vertex z
4 bytes - texture coordinates
4 bytes - texture parameters
4 bytes - texture palette
4 bytes - diffuse/ambient
4 bytes - specular/emissive
128 bytes - shininess table
16 bytes - light vectors
16 bytes - light colors
4 bytes - swap buffers params
7 bytes - vram control regs - only 7 are actually saved/loaded/used. banks h and i are ignored


Vram State:
    (Up to) 608 KiB of vram state
    Note: vram state is ONLY saved/loaded for ACTIVE vram banks that're being used for 3d textures/texture palettes
          (ie. Last bit of vramcnt must be set and the value of the mst must be 3).
          (Additionally banks H and I are ignored due to not being allocatable to the 3d engine).


Param/Cmd Counts:

4 bytes - number of cmds submitted
4 bytes - number of params submitted

Cmd/Param Data:
    only store a maximum of 500KB of param/cmd data
    all cmds should be stored in one consecutive block followed by a block of param data
    nops and vec/box tests should not be added to any of these trackers
    id 0x72 is repurposed to store zero dot disp reg writes

1 byte per - cmd
4 bytes per - param